ACD-1101 (#87)
Actindo-AG/Documentation: Tasks/Operation/02_ManageTasks.md

[!!User interface Tasks](../UserInterface/01a_List.md)
[!!User interface Events](../UserInterface/03a_List.md)
[!!Process Orchestration](../../ActindoWorkFlow/Overview/01_General.md)

# Manage the tasks

> A task is an activity that needs to be completed by a responsible user. Tasks are defined and configured in the *Process Orchestration* (*Workflows*) module. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A task is an activity that needs to be completed by a responsible user. Tasks are defined and configured in the *Process Orchestration*  module. 
```

[comment]: <> (Evtl. Link auf Workflows)

The *Tasks* menu entry in the *Tasks* module displays all tasks created in your system. You can assign a task to a specific user, filter tasks by different criteria, mark a task as done, or reopen a closed task.

## Assign a task

Every task is related to an event. This means that when an event occurs, a task is created. For example, when the event "Difference in stock" occurs, a task is automatically created for the responsible user to check the inconsistencies manually and, if necessary, take further action. 

You can define the user and/or user group who, by default, are responsible for an event, and all related tasks, in the *Events* menu entry, see [Manage the events](./01_ManageEvents.md). However, you can further assign an individual or several tasks to a specific user in the *Tasks* menu entry.

You can assign tasks to yourself or to other users registered in your system instance.

[comment]: <> (instance in Glossar aufnehmen und definieren? Oder anders nennen?)

### Assign a task to yourself

> You can assign one or several tasks at once to yourself.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can assign yourself one or more tasks at once.
```

## Mark a task as done

Once you have performed the assigned task, you can mark it as done.

#### Prerequisites

A task has been assigned to you, see [Assign a task](#assign-a-task).

#### Procedure

*Tasks > Menu entry Tasks > Tab LIST*

![List of tasks](../../Assets/Screenshots/Tasks/Tasks/ListTasks.png "[List of tasks]")

1. Click the checkbox of the task you want to mark as done.  
    The editing toolbar is displayed.

2. Click the [MARK AS DONE] button.  
    The selected task is marked as done and therefore closed. The status icon in the *Status* column changes from ![Cross](../../Assets/Icons/Cross05.png "[Cross]") to ![Check](../../Assets/Icons/Check02.png "[Check]"). The date on *Done date* column is updated.

## Reopen a task

You can reopen a task that has been marked as done if necessary.

#### Prerequisites

As task has been marked as done, see [Mark a task as done](#mark-a-task-as-done).

#### Procedure

*Tasks > Menu entry Tasks > Tab LIST*

![List of tasks](../../Assets/Screenshots/Tasks/Tasks/ListTasks.png "[List of tasks]")

1. Click the checkbox of the task you want to reopen.  
    The editing toolbar is displayed.

2. Click the [REOPEN] button.  

>     The selected task is reopened. The status icon in the *Status* column changes from ![Check](../../Assets/Icons/Check02.png "[Check]") to ![Cross](../../Assets/Icons/Cross05.png "[Cross]"). The date on *Done date* column is removed.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    The selected task is reopened. The status icon in the *Status* column changes from ![Check](../../Assets/Icons/Check02.png "[Check]") to ![Cross](../../Assets/Icons/Cross05.png "[Cross]"). The date in the *Done date* column is removed.
```
